Spell check (#65)
rapidez/docs: src/3.x/theming.md

```

After that, you'll find all the Rapidez Core views in `resources/views/vendor/rapidez`. For more information, see [Overriding Package Views](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/packages#overriding-package-views) in the Laravel docs.

::: tip
It's recommended to only add the views you've changed into your source control for upgradability. To keep track of what you've changed in a view, it's a good idea to add the unchanged version to version control before you make any changes.
:::

## CSS

We're using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) with [Vite](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/vite), so probably you don't need to touch the CSS, but if you need to add a simple class, the "starting point" is `resources/css/app.css`. From there, we include the core styling and that's where the color variables can be defined. For any Tailwind changes, you'll need to be within the `tailwind.config.js`.

::: details But... I don't like Tailwind CSS
If you don't like Tailwind CSS you *can* use anything else. But it's widely used in Rapidez packages, so we don't recommend it. Just clear out the `resources/css/app.css` and write your own.
:::

## Javascript

> From `resources/js/app.js`, we automatically import everything. Just extend from there. If you need additional Vue components, read the [readme within the components folder](https://github.com/rapidez/rapidez/blob/master/resources/js/components/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We automatically import everything in `resources/js/app.js`, and you can extend from there. If you need additional Vue components, read the [readme within the components folder](https://github.com/rapidez/rapidez/blob/master/resources/js/components/README.md).
```

### `@content`

> Processes content containing variables from Magento, so variables, blocks, and widgets are working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processes content containing variables from Magento so that variables, blocks, and widgets are working.
```

```blade
@widget('location', 'type', 'handle', $entityId)
```

Have a look at the [current widget locations](https://github.com/rapidez/core/search?l=Blade&q=widget) we've added by default and the widget tables in the database to see how the parameters work. Custom widgets can be defined with the `widgets` [configuration](configuration.md).

## Blade Components

Rapidez comes with some useful [Blade Components](https://github.com/rapidez/core/tree/master/resources/views/components) for commonly used elements like form elements to reduce repetition. For example, the input component:
```blade
<x-rapidez::input name="username"/>
```

Which outputs a styled input with an id, name, type, placeholder, and label (with a corresponding `for` attribute) on top.

::: tip

> Try to use these elements as much as possible, so if you'd like to change the appearance, you can do so at one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try to use these elements as much as possible, so that if you'd like to change the appearance you can do so in only one place.
```

```

Or per icon:
```blade
<x-heroicon-s-heart class="h-6 w-6 text-red-600" :defer="false" />
```

## Vue Directives

On top of Vue, we've added some extra directives.

### `v-blur`

Just like [v-cloak](https://v2.vuejs.org/v2/api/#v-cloak), but instead of hiding, the element will be blurred. Useful if you don't like to have any layout shifts.

### `v-on-click-away`

> Using [vue-clickaway](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-clickaway), enabling you to close something if you click away from the element, [an example can be found within the core](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Arapidez%2Fcore%20v-on-click-away&type=code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rapidez uses [vue-clickaway](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-clickaway), enabling you to close something if you click away from the element. [An example can be found within the core](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Arapidez%2Fcore%20v-on-click-away&type=code).
```

])
```

Of course, you can do this any way you want if you want to load the same CSS for specific stores. Map the store code to a theme name and use that as your CSS file.

## Translations

> Just create a JSON file for your language within the `lang` directory, for example: `/lang/de.json`. As an example, have a look at the [existing translations in the core](https://github.com/rapidez/core/tree/master/lang). For more information, read the [Laravel Localization docs](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/localization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a JSON file for your language within the `lang` directory, for example: `/lang/de.json`. As an example, have a look at the [existing translations in the core](https://github.com/rapidez/core/tree/master/lang). For more information, read the [Laravel Localization docs](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/localization).
```
